[ACCESS-1903] Add UAI mention to dashboards public docs under permissions (#20007)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/_index.md

If you manage your dashboards with Terraform, you can use the latest version of the Datadog Terraform provider to control which roles can edit your dashboards. For more information, see the [Terraform Dashboard role restriction guide][16].

> To understand your access permissions on a dashboard and learn how to become an editor, see the access indicator in the header. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The access indicator appears at the top right of each edit-restricted dashboard. Depending on your permissions, it may say **Gain Edit Access** or **Request Edit Access**. Hover over the access indicator to understand your access permissions and what steps to take to edit the dashboard.
```

> The access indicator appears at the top right of each edit-restricted dashboard. Depending on your permissions, it may say **Gain Edit Access** or **Request Edit Access**. Click on the access indicator to understand your access permissions and what steps to take to edit the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The access indicator appears at the top right of each edit-restricted dashboard. Depending on your permissions, it may say **Gain Edit Access** or **Request Edit Access**. Click the access indicator to understand your access permissions and what steps to take to edit the dashboard.
```
